In this project I will move away from any critical role for Excel. My experience has been that the flexibility of old
Excel templates creates a significant programming overhead for reliable importation of data. It seems better to
constrain Python to only interact with csv files. These are easily read by other programmes.

For the impedanceCalc project there is a need to store various component values as GTC uncertain real or complex
numbers. GTC's persistence module does not seem particularly useful (e.g. does not store intermediate values) and
the pickle format is too constrained for adding in other information such as measurement dates or other descriptors.

The gtc_archive module uses a two-step process of first converting the GTC values into dictionaries and then using
json to convert the dictionaries into easily stored strings. This approach makes it easy to attach the most useful
label to the GTC value. The strings are stored in csv files as required and reverse processes produce a fresh GTC
variable for later use.

While all history of creation of a GTC value for, say, a capacitor is lost in the storage process, the final value is
usually all that is required in the next step in the traceability chain. This sort of storage will also be fine for the
values of lead impedance, transformer ratios and environmental sensitivity coefficients required to analyse bridge
measurements.

If the correlations between the impedance values became significant for some later calculation then it is likely that
this calculation would need to be integrated with the original calibration process. All GTC values would then be fully
interconnected within the program.

The choice is to store information in csv files that are a little difficult to read at first, but are excellent for
carrying all the parts of a ucomplex. Cutting and pasting makes it not too hard to produce the csv files.

Growing understanding that in general I need CLASS to csv capability. This will let me store leads and capacitors with
all the required information. The process is likely a method that takes in readings (e.g. from LCR meter, 10:1 cap
bridge) that generates a csv stored representation. This is available for later calculation. Given that lead corrections
are very small, it is relatively safe to ignore the relationship between the lead correction and the capacitance scale
that the measurement of the leads requires.

Combining components seems most effectively done with new classes that pick up appropriate values from the two
components to be combined. This makes sure that the combined components can be processed as if they were a single
component. The pi networks represented by component classes only need to be good enough to allow corrections for
leads. This approach meets the requirements of the two terminal-pair definition of immittance (impedance/admittance)
but is not for general use.
